when i first moved into the neighborhood
i felt like i was gonna lose my lunch
being the new kid was the most cruel and
unusual punishment
ever invented
[Applause]
hey where's your girlfriend and that was
just the beginning
through the years my parents hoped i
would grow up right and get a good
education is that a rooster no it looks
like a chicken how can you tell
a rooster's a chicken the question is
are they all hens
to roosters strut yes they do just shoot
me now careful what you wish for
i'm just not so sure i got the education
they had in mind i need your sharpener
you've heard of knocking hey
what you got there dad's playboy what
are your business give my best to miss
october get out
or should i say your best you're
disgusting
welcome to your mayfield school basta
boys auction
in school the only thing i totally
flunked out in was understanding girls
let's start the bidding at five dollars
15 20
25 50.
i mean how can anyone figure out what
they're thinking bryce you should come
up here
so beautiful and how do you talk to them
i can't
my dad needs me to help him fix
a thing what's going on with you and
bryce lasky what do you mean nothing oh
okay
one day i feel so happy but one day
i started getting this really weird
feeling somewhere between confusion
and absolute terror there's a being here
there's no
bee are you freaking julie baker you
hate her oh that's what's so weird i
don't think i do
it's quite a girl every once in a while
you find someone who's
iridescent
[Music]
to the most unforgettable time you
what's the matter with you
[Music]